GENERAL
Create a how-to guide for genetic sequencing.
Create a how-to guide for GWAS analysis?
What is the significance of the length of telomeres?
Create a guide for genetic sequencing
Create a how-to guide for genetic sequencing.
Explain the process of DNA replication and how it ensures accurate copying of genetic information during cell division.
Explain the process of finding a genetic marker followed by a quantitative trait loci.
For text and biological resources, do you mean add some books (on biology stuff) or/and web resources (as ensembl) on your system?
How can I add a new species to the GeneNetwork database?
How does epigenetics inluence gene expression without changing the underlying DNA sequence?
How does recombination work in human centromeres?
How would one extract the DNA, from say, flora or fauna?
What is the difference between QTL mapping and GWAS?
What is the most cited environmental factor for the onset of asthma?
what are the bioinformatics tools for QTLs analysis?
what are the statistical approaches for qtls analysis?
what is bioinformatics
What is apoptosis?
GENERAL FOR STUDY
How do I determine which gene in my QTL is causal for the trait?
Why do males have two Y chromosomes and females only one?
what type of dataset is useful for qtl mapping analysis in genenetwork2?
What are the ethical considerations surrounding prenatal genetic testing and the selective termination of pregnancies based on genetic factors?
What are the potential benefits and risks associated with gene editing technologies like CRISPR-Cas9?
What about recombination in human centromeres?
What about recombination in the human genome?
How can I add a new species to the GeneNetwork database?
Describe the role of mitochondrial DNA in heredity and how it differs from nuclear DNA.
what is ensembl?
MyQ -- Create a how to guide for genetic sequencing
MyQ -- What is the significance of the length of telomeres?
MyQ -- Once a sperm combines with an egg, what determines how traits are passed onto the resulting lifeform?
MyQ -- Why is genetic tracing matrilineal rather than patrilineal?
MyQ -- How does one tell the difference between X and Y DNA, with respect to DNA tracing and determining QTLs?
MyQ -- Describe the genotypes related to Alzheimers and dementia which have commonalities with those for aging.
MyQ -- List as many studies as you can that include rapamycin.
MyQ -- What are the genetic bases for the varying efficacy of diabetes treatments among individuals?
AGING
Which mouse genes have been associated with longevity?
Is lifespan determined by genetics?
Is there a direct association between aging and susceptibility to having diabetes?
Which genes are associated with aging in human
What genetic factors influence aging in humans?
Why is it so diffuclut to map gene loci that control aging in humans?
what causes the aging process
what genes are associated with aging?
what genetic factor are associated with aging
which genes are involved in the aging process
DIABETES
what genes are associated with diabetes?
nutrition is a factor for diabetes. construct an abstract about how can genomics be use to better understand nutritional factors of diabets
nutrition is a factor for diabetes. how can genomics be use to better understand nutritional factors of diabets
Is any of the genes SH2B3, IFIH1 or ERBB3  related to diabetes?
How does genetics influence the emergency of diabetes?
How is gene expression in the liver affected by diabetes?
How many types of diabetes exist?



ADDING ALL June 26th 2024

Flavia:
  - 26681F93BA485656CF56BD71682E7C77: Which database can I use for genetic, genomic, phenotype, and disease-related data generated from rat research?
  - What resources can I use to do pathway analyses?
  - What is ensembl?
 92B99DB2F9F6265E7582EB8320E742D6: Which genes give a predisposition to developing T1D?
"genetics",
"genetics",
"genetics",
"List as  many studies as you can that include  rapamycin.",
"genetics",
"what is bioinformatics",
"genetics",
"genetics",
"which genes are involved in the aging process",
"what causes the aging process",
"which genes are involved in the aging process",
"List as  many studies as you can that include  rapamycin.",
"List as  many studies as you can that include  rapamycin.",
"List as  many studies as you can that include  rapamycin.",
"genetics",
"which genes are involved in aging",
"Create a how-to guide for genetic sequencing.",
"What is the significance of the length of telomeres?",
"Once a sperm combines with an egg, what determines how traits are passed onto the resulting lifeform?",
"Why is genetic tracing matrilineal rather than patrilineal?",
"How does one tell the difference between X and Y DNA, with respect to DNA tracing and determining QTLs?",
"Explain Protective Genetic Factors Against Diabetes in Elderly Populations",
"what genes are involved in  the aging process",
"Explain Effect of Lifestyle Modifications on Aging-Associated Diabetes Risk",
"Explain The Role of Longevity Genes in Protecting Against Diabetes",
"What are the types of diabetes"

"What are the genetic bases for the varying efficacy of diabetes treatments among individuals?",
"List as many studies as you can that include rapamycin.",
"Why is it so diffuclut to map gene loci that control aging in humans?",
"What is apoptosis?",
"What is the most cited environmental factor for the onset of asthma?",
"How would one extract the DNA, from say, flora or fauna?"

"What are the potential benefits and risk associated with gene editing technologies like CRISPRR-Cas9?",
"How does epigenetics inluence gene expression without changing the underlying DNA sequence?",
"Describe the role of mitochondrial DNA in heredity and how it differs from nuclear DNA.",
"What are the ethical considerations surrounding prenatal genetic testing and the selective termination of pregnancies based on genetic factors?",
"Create a how-to guide for genetic sequencing.",
"What is the significance of the length of telomeres?",
"Once a sperm combines with an egg, what determines how traits are passed onto the resulting lifeform?",
"Why is genetic tracing matrilineal rather than patrilineal?",
"Explain the process of DNA replication and how it ensures accurate copying of genetic information during cell division.",
"What are the potential benefits and risks associated with gene editing technologies like CRISPR-Cas9?",
"Create a how-to guide for genetic sequencing.",
"What is the significance of the length of telomeres?",
"Once a sperm combines with an egg, what determines how traits are passed onto the resulting lifeform?",
"Why is genetic tracing matrilineal rather than patrilineal?",
"How does one tell the difference between X and Y DNA, with repsect to DNA tracing and determining QTLs?",
"For text and biological resources, do you mean add some books (on biology stuff) or/and web resources (as ensembl) on your system?",
"what is ensembl?"

"Explain the process of finding a genetic marker followed by a quantitative trait loci.",
"Describe the genotypes related to Alzheimers and dementia which have commonalities with those for aging.",
"Describe the genotypes related to Alzheimer's and dementia which have commonalities with those for aging.",
"What about recombination in human centromeres?",
"What about recombination in human centromeres?",
"How does recombination work in human centromeres?",
"How many types of diabetes exist?",
"What about recombination in the human genome?"


"Create a how to guide for genetic sequencing ",
"What is the significance of the length of telomeres? ",
"Once a sperm combines with an egg, what determines how traits are passed on to the resulting lifeform? ",
"Why is genetic tracing matrilineal rather than patrilineal? ",
"How does one tell the difference between X and Y DNA, with respect to DNA tracing and determining QTLs?",
"what type of dataset is useful for qtl mapping analysis in genenetwork2? ",
"What genetic factors influence aging in humans? ",
"Is there a direct association between aging and susceptibility to having diabetes?",
"How does genetics influence the emergency of diabetes? "

"Create a how-to guide for genetic sequencing.",
"What is the significance of the length of telomeres?",
"Once a sperm combines with an egg, what determines how traits are passed onto the resulting lifeform?",
"Why is genetic tracing matrilineal rather than patrilineal?",
"How does one tell the difference between X and Y DNA, with respect to DNA tracing and determining QTLs?",
"what genes are associated with diabetes?",
"what genes are associated with aging?",
"what are the bioinformatics tools for QTLs analysis?",
"what are the statistical approaches for qtls analysis?",
"Create a how-to guide for GWAS analysis?"

"Once a sperm combines with an egg, what determines how traits are passed onto the resulting lifeform?",
"Which genes are associated with aging in human ",
"Create a how-to guide for genetic sequencing",
"Create a guide for genetic sequencing",
"Once a sperm combines with an egg, what determines how traits are passed onto the resulting lifeform?",
"Why is genetic tracing matrilineal rather than patrilineal?",
"How does one tell the difference between X and Y DNA, with respect to DNA tracing and determining QTLs"


"Create a how-to guide for genetic sequencing.",
"What is the significance of the length of telomeres?",
"How does one tell the difference between X and Y DNA, with respect to DNA tracing and determining QTLs?",
"What is the difference between QTL mapping and GWAS?",
"How do I determine which gene in my QTL is causal for the trait?",
"Which mouse genes have been associated with longevity?",
"How is gene expression in the liver affected by diabetes?",
"Why do males have two Y chromosomes and females only one?"

" Create a how-to guide for genetic sequencing",
" Create a how-to guide for genetic sequencing.",
" What is the significance of the length of telomeres?"

"How can I add a new species to the GeneNetwork database?",
"Is any of the genes SH2B3, IFIH1 or ERBB3  related to diabetes?"

"what genetic factor are associated with aging",
"nutrition is a factor for diabetes. how can genomics be use to better understand nutritional factors of diabets",
"nutrition is a factor for diabetes. construct an abstract about how can genomics be use to better understand nutritional factors of diabets"


"which genes are typically associated with diabetes in QTL analyses?",
"which genes are typically associated with early aging?",
"How do I generate a linkage or association mapping study in mice to understand aging?",
"Is the gene TCF7L2 involved in diabetes?",
"In which diseases is the gene TCF7L2 involved?",
"what are confounding factors in diabetes?"


"What is the significance of the length of telomeres?",
"Can you explain the difference between sequencing with short reads vs long reads? Please make you answer accessible to a non-expert.",
"Can you explain why using a pangenome-based reference might be more   useful than simply using a single linear reference? Please make you   answer accessible to a non-expert.",
"Is all genetic regulation done through DNA (e.g., prompters,   repressors, activators) or are there other forms of genetic regulation?   Please make you answer accessible to a non-expert.",
"is there a specific genetic variation that can cause someone to live longer? please make your answer accessible to a non-expert"


"How is the immune system related to diabetes?",
"What are the genomic variants associated with immune system components and diabetes?",
"What is the role of the immune system in the metabolomics of diabetes and associated conditions?",
"What are the different relationship between traits?",
"Can landscape of QTL and GWAS hits be used to find relationships between traits ?",
"Can the landscape of QTL and GWAS hits be used to dissect the role of immune system in diabetes and complications?"

"What causes diabetes?",
"Define dyslipidemia.",
"Does cycling reduce risk of diabetes?",
"What is cytochrome?"

"What is GeneNetwork and how does it relate to aging research?",
"How can GeneNetwork assist in identifying genetic factors involved in diabetes?",
"What specific tools within GeneNetwork are most useful for diabetes research, and how are they applied?",
"What role does insulin play in the regulation of blood glucose levels?",
" How does aging affect the risk of developing type 2 diabetes?",
"Can lifestyle changes reverse type 2 diabetes?"

"how does environment influence fertilisation",
"how does diet impact someone's height",
"which animal has the same number of chromosomes as human",
"what's ensures brains work",
"how do our brains maintain emotions",
"what hormones do our brains release during stressful experiences?",
"what is the use of corticosterone?"
